for an hour.
Welcome to our rainbow studio here as part
of the Yahowah blog.
When we're downstairs,
we're typically covering Twistianity.
And in this case,
we're rejoining where we were a week ago
when we covered the first seven statements
that are found in Romans pursuant to one
of the most utterly absurd tangents
ever spoken by someone who was pretending
to speak for God.
In fact,
it wasn't until Mohammed that we would
experience a man of such ego and sexual
perversity.
claiming to speak for God.
And yet that is exactly what Paul did.
And in this case,
he began by using this twisted analogy to
say that a woman is somehow beholden to
and she is a slave to.
the Towrah of a man while she is
married,
and that she is liberated from it when
the man dies.
And he's all over the board,
but of course,
there is no Towrah of the man.
A woman is not tethered to a man
in the Towrah.
There is no such thing as a woman
being controlled by the Towrah of a man
anywhere to be found.
So what Paul was promoting, of course,
was what's known as the rational fallacy
of the straw man.
He was creating his own law.
uh argument uh out of a pretense that
doesn't exist and we are now pursuing that
to the point where Paul is now making
it personal after he has wallowed all over
all manner of rational deceptions and
fallacies he is bringing this home and
he's revealing that he's a sexual pervert
He says that he would not have known
that he was a sexual pervert if it
hadn't been for the Towrah revealing that
the things he was doing were, well,
grotesque.
And so he's blaming the Towrah,
not himself, for his sexual perversions.
It is a very odd position for anyone
to take unless they are, well,
as Paul's case, they were demon-possessed.
Now, there is more to all of this.
We're making fun of Paul,
and the reason we're making fun of Paul
is because he was the author of the
first fourteen books of the Christian New
Testament.
The whole myth of Jesus is predicated on
Paul.
The religion of Christianity is totally
conceived by Paul.
People don't know that today because there
are five books that precede Paul's
letters,
but that's not how this all came to
be.
The first book of the Christian New
Testament,
from a chronological point of view,
from the time that it was written,
was Paul's letter to the Galatians,
which is a book that we will dissect
and destroy, really, in its entirety.
The next thirteen letters,
books of the Christian New Testament,
were all authored by Paul,
every single one of them.
There wouldn't be a gospel,
which was Paul's term, by the way,
until two of Paul's cronies,
Mark and Luke,
wrote these hearsay accounts based upon
the creation of a false messiah that Paul
had conceived.
And so Mark and Luke are nothing but
the gospel,
which was Paul's
according to Paul's mythology.
And they were both written around
seventy-five CE, likely in Rome,
which is where Paul died in sixty-six CE.
And neither person was in Jerusalem,
not even probably in the province of
Judah.
when these events transpired and that was
two generations or four decades earlier
and then you have the book of acts
which is Luke serving as Paul’s
propagandist promoting everything that
Paul did to create the religion of
Christianity so when it's all put in
chronological order as the books were
revealed, you have between fifty-two CE,
when Paul invented the myth of Jesus and
the religion of Christianity,
the next thirteen letters after that,
fourteen total,
the first fourteen books of the Christian
New Testament, all authored by Paul,
who committed
every possible rational fallacy,
who never once quoted the alleged gospel
Jesus a single time.
The reason he couldn't quote gospel Jesus
is he didn't exist,
and he wouldn't exist until a decade after
Paul's death with the
creation of Mark and Luke.
And each time that he quotes God, Yahowah,
to prove his point,
he takes the passage out of context,
misrepresents it,
and twists it to the point that his
conclusions are the opposite of what God
actually said.
So he never once quotes Yahowah.
God accurately never even once uses
Yahowah's name,
which also proves that he is complete
fraud.
So he is absolutely not representing God
because he never once quotes him
accurately.
And he is not representing the pretense of
a Jesus Christ since he never once quotes
him at all.
So this is the reality.
And it's one that Christians just do not
understand.
They've been played for fools.
And they, of course,
have no concept that Paul,
in his second letter to Corinth,
actually admitted that he was
demon-possessed.
And they can't process any of this
information.
And they go on continuing to parrot the
lie that there was a Jesus Christ,
but there was no such individual.
Not only does this, therefore,
assessment of Paul's continued rational
fallacies and overt corruption of God's
testimony, even sexual perversions,
therefore free Christians from that
diabolical lie of Christianity.
Long time ago,
I would say it's at least ten to
fifteen years ago,
I came to realize that Paul was actually
the model for the Towrah-less one,
for the great betrayer of Israel and the
world that would be Satan incarnate,
that would appear in the last days.
He would appear seven years prior to
Yahowah's return,
commiserate with the celebration of
Shabuwah,
which is now just a matter of months
from now.
That's why I've been able to identify him
because the prophets were right clear as
to who he was.
And what I said, ten, fifteen years ago,
is that there will be very little
difference between the personality,
attitude, and approach of Paul.
and this person who Christians would know
as the Antichrist,
but who was presented as the living
incarnation of Satan during the last days.
And indeed,
we have a man who is a world
leader,
who is now known for his sexual
perversions, pedophile, he's a rapist.
hung with a best friend that is the
most famous pedophile and rapist the world
has ever known.
And
He is also an egomaniacal fool.
I don't think the world has ever seen
a more egotistical man than Donald Trump,
who is this very character.
And he is a warmonger,
doing everything he can to ignite wars and
world war around the world.
And the more that he is accused of
all manner of crimes,
the more chaos he's going to create.
and so based upon the timing and what
the prophets have said I was able not
only to deduce that Donald Trump is the
uh essentially the embodiment of Paul who
was also demon possessed just as uh as
is Donald Trump which explains his
just as Paul was a confabulator very
little correlation between what Paul said
and reality so is Donald Trump
And so by understanding the rhetoric and
style and attitude and approach,
the twisted perversions of the truth by
Paul and his attitude,
we come to better understand this
character that is now Donald Trump,
the demon-possessed great betrayer.
But also at that time, what I said,
and now we are seeing manifest.
And by the way,
because I'm a student of Yahowah's prophets
and understand them better than anyone
probably has in the last twenty five
hundred years.
I'm able to deduce what is going to
transpire that has an influence either on
Yisrael, Yahuwdym, Jews,
or on the world as it would pertain
to this time of trouble for Israel and
the players that will influence this
carnage that we're going to witness going
forward.
And I have been with hundreds upon
hundreds of predictions,
a hundred percent accurate.
And one of the things I said,
ten to fifteen years ago,
is that Christians will actually embrace
this man that they have long sought to
know as the antichrist that the one who
is demon possessed who has betrayed them
and god and everyone else including god's
people will actually be viewed as if he
were a messiah to them as if he
were godly to them they would worship him
they would pray for him they would bow
to him
they would honor him.
And that's exactly what we're seeing
Christian MAGAs do to Donald Trump and
with Donald Trump.
So in Paul,
we are witnessing another demon-possessed
man.
And while...
Donald Trump won't have the influence that
Paul had because Paul's influence,
he created a religion with billions of
followers.
So Paul has had the greatest negative
influence on the world and a religion
where Paul came up with the nonsense that
Jews killed his God.
Now,
he came up with the nonsense that God
was a man.
That's stupid.
God's not a man.
God cannot be a man.
He came up with the nonsense that men
killed God and blamed Jews for it.
That's also nonsense.
He also came up with the nonsense of
the cross being an object of worship when
it's nothing but pagan idolatry,
and that everything Yahowah said was
untrue,
and he called Yahowah's Towrah pornography.
And
said that he had replaced all of it
with, but I Paul say.
That Christians have no concept of how
stupid it is to believe this man and
how utterly foolish they are to believe
that there was a Jesus Christ.
The fact of the matter is that the
person worshipped today as Jesus Christ,
that name did not exist until the
seventeenth century.
Sixteen twenty nine is the first time that
Jesus was ever written.
And previously he was known as Iesous,
Iesoun, Iesou, Christon,
Christou or Christos.
And there was nobody by that name that
lived in first century Judea.
It's complete fabrication.
But you can't create a myth this popular
without drawing on something that people
believe to be true or that they have
somehow heard.
And that was the case with Paul.
He created his Iesou Christou out of a
false god and a true Messiah,
the actual Messiah, son of God,
and returning king, David.
is the one who actually suffered
crucifixion in thirty three C.E.
to fulfill Pesach.
And he's the one who carried our guilt
into Sheowl on Matsah to present us as
not guilty before God that would enable us
on firstborn children to become part of
the covenant family.
Dowd himself had written about all of this
and his Mizmowr, really most of them,
either boldly state that he did this or
hint at it throughout their entirety.
And he even gave the exact date that
he would fulfill Chag Matsah in the
thirty-three CE when speaking to Daniel as
Gibowr El,
God's most courageous and competent man.
and he even went as far as to
describing precisely the way that
crucifixion,
which hadn't been invented at the time
that he wrote the Twenty-Second Psalm,
would kill,
describing scientifically and medically
the consequence of crucifixion.
five,
six hundred years before crucifixion was
even invented and even before Rome
existed.
So this is a pretty extraordinary
prophecy,
particularly the one that gave the exact
date that he would fulfill these things.
But no one pays any attention to the
truth because Paul's lies are
counterfeiting what Dowd achieved.
the product of identity theft by stealing
that which belongs to the actual son of
god and messiah our returning king dote
now is believed by a ratio of close
to a million to one over the truth
lies are extremely um pervasive and the
other because
Dowd's life was not enough to create a
religion,
and if he just left it at that,
people would say, well,
you're just copying what was said about
Dowd David.
Paul also created his myth of Iesou Christou
on the pagan lore of Dionysus.
Dionysus was the son of Zeus.
He was viewed as a...
a man-god who was born on the winter
solstice, December twenty-fifth,
and who died and was resurrected each year
in the spring during the Sunday nearest
the vernal equinox,
creating the
the whole festival that became Easter
around the Dionysian mysteries.
So turning a god into a man and
celebrating an annual birth of a baby god
and then a resurrection from death,
he stole from Dionysus.
The rest he stole as a product of
identity theft from David.
So this is the nature of Christianity,
whether you know it or not,
is immaterial to the truth.
The fact of the matter is truth is
truth and religion is religion and never
the two will meet.
So continuing now with the next statement
that Paul ushered in Romans to establish
his overall lie.
And we have Kara, who's our little pup.
is having some kind of a tussle with
Wookie over something that she thinks is
important.
So please excuse the barking dog in the
background.
It reads,
but now the opportunity to excuse and the
pretext,
the basis for starting this whole point
and creating the opportune circumstance to
grasp hold of an experience to select and
be exploited by that which is evil,
sinful and wrong.
came through the commandment,
and it was brought about thoroughly in me,
including every and all deep desire and
longing.
What Paul is saying here is that the...
I’m going to assume ten commandments so
that the fact of the matter is if
you're actually up to speed with what god
had to say there are no commandments there
are three uh sweeping statements about god
that are universally opposed to every
religion and there are seven instructions
that follow uh there isn't a commandment
in the uh and the lot of them
But Paul, being a rabbi, of course,
wanted to make the Towrah law when it
means teaching and instruction.
And he wanted to make the overall
statements and instructions that God
provided into commandments.
That's what the religious like to do.
So he is saying here it was the
commandments that God said, you know,
for example, I.
Honor your mother and father.
Don't bear false witness.
Don't commit murder.
Don't covet your neighbor's wife.
Those kinds of things.
Don't commit adultery.
And adultery here in God's parlance would
be cheating on him through religion.
He says it was those things,
God's instructions.
And the first three would be that Yahowah
alone is God and that he is a
liberator,
one that frees us from religious and
political oppression.
Number two says, do not be religious.
Don't...
spend any time around the religious,
don't have any religious objects in your
life, don't speak for religious gods,
do nothing that is associated with
religion, because through religion,
fathers corrupt their sons to the third
and fourth generation.
And as a result,
There's only thousands amongst billions
who will receive the benefits of my
covenant by being observant of its terms
and conditions.
And the third one says there is no
excuse and there is no forgiveness for
those who negate the value of Yahowah's
name.
which of course is pervasive in
Christianity because you will not find
Yahowah's name once in the Christian New
Testament.
So the entire religion exists to negate
the value of Yahowah's name,
as does Judaism, as does Islam.
The three Abrahamic religions all are
proven false because they violate the
third statement that Yah etched in stone.
So Paul is saying that the opportunity
came about as a pretext for him to
experience that which is evil, sinful,
and wrong,
that which was misleading and errant and
offensive,
and it all came through the commandments.
Had God not etched those ten statements in
stone, that Paul would be pristine,
he would be truthful,
and he wouldn't be a sexual pervert.
However,
because God said the things that he wrote
on those ten statements,
that is what caused Paul to be a
sexual pervert and to be a disagreeable,
dishonest liar.
Now, if you believe that's true,
then you could call yourself a Christian.
If you know that's not true,
then you'd be a fool to continue to
be a Christian because that is what this
man wrote.
He said that the very statements of God
are the reasons that he had the deep
desire and longing to be corrupt,
to be perverted, to be dishonest.
That is the ultimate in projection,
saying what you are and projecting it on
another.
For indeed, without the Towrah, he wrote...
that which is misleading, errant,
and offensive is dead and no longer an
issue.
This is Romans seven, eight.
So he went one step further.
It's not just the commandments.
No, it was the commandments.
They're the ones that without them,
I wouldn't have been a sexual pervert.
I would not have been dishonest and
corrupt.
So it's the commandments that caused the
longing in me to be a piece of
crap as a human being.
But then he went one step further.
He says, without the Towrah,
that which is misleading and errant and
offensive about Paul,
all of which is everything he wrote,
is dead and no longer an issue.
In other words,
you would have no basis for calling Paul
a liar, to call Paul deadly,
to acknowledge that Paul was
demon-possessed and lying about
everything, including Jesus Christ,
if it were not for the Towrah.
And in that, he's partly right.
So the Towrah condemns me.
Please don't listen to the Towrah.
That is correct.
It's what Rich just said is the Towrah
condemns Paul.
Therefore, if you want to believe Paul,
you must negate the Towrah because the
Towrah says the opposite of what Paul says.
Now that puts Christians in a very
difficult position because there's no
question that God, name is Yahowah,
authored the Towrah.
And if God authored, not authored,
If since God authored the Towrah and he
proved his authorship through prophecy,
then that which disagrees with it has to
be false.
You certainly cannot claim that the God
who authored the Towrah, as Paul does,
is the God who authorized you and yet
condemn the Towrah and contradict
everything he said.
But that's what Christianity does.
That's what makes Christianity so
irrational.
I mean, literally,
you cannot be an informed and rational
Christian.
It's impossible.
So he's saying here that, yep,
is the Towrah that made Paul misleading,
errant, and offensive.
And without the Towrah,
that those things would not be,
we have a serious problem with our courts
here.
We have Cara literally chewing on the
power supply to the computer.
She's already twisted the screen that
reflects and the teleprompter so that I
can read these statements and be as
accurate as possible.
Thank you, Rich, for repositioning it.
And now she has a mouthful of...
of power court.
Puppies are wonderful.
My wife thought that because our previous
puppy, this would be Wookie,
who she got because she wanted a dog
that loved her as much as her former
Gucci did, which was the exact same breed.
And that when Gucci decided, you know,
he wanted to hang with the guys and
he wanted to, well, as you can see,
here he was right here on the table.
He goes everywhere with me and Leia said,
ah, you know,
now I need a dog that was going
to favor me over you.
And I said, that's fine,
but I'm not going to be mean to
your new dog.
It's not my fault that you're, thank you,
that...
that dogs like me because I'm nice to
them.
I really do.
I enjoy the company of the dogs.
I think they're very sweet animals.
And you can see this one doing the
beard snuffle.
So now we have a car out because
she was insistent that she have a dog
that was hers and not Sheridan.
Well, here we go.
So...
This is our reality.
But anyway,
so Paul has made a statement that among
any informed and rational person would
immediately cause them to renounce Paul,
therefore renounce the first fourteen
books of the Christian New Testament,
therefore renounce Mark, Luke,
and Acts because they were written by
Paul's associates.
and to recognize that the religion that
they created is nothing but a colossal
lie.
Now,
beyond the fact that there are no
commandments,
but instead three statements and seven
instructions,
not one of them says you will not
lust, crave, desire long,
or have uncontrollable urges.
There is none which speaks of restraining
a person's capacity to engage in sexual
perversions or licentiousness either.
The ten statements do not mention
sexuality in any way, shape, or form.
In fact,
God's got very little to say about
sexuality.
Other than incest is bad, rape is bad,
pedophilia is bad,
and bestiality is really, really bad,
God doesn't say much about sexuality.
He has no problem with us having more
than one, or in some cases,
countless sexual partners,
so long as we're a decent human being,
and it's all mutually acceptable.
uh acceptable um this is the truth that
people may not want to hear it but
that is reality so
There is no statement that speaks of
licentiousness or sexual perversion among
those ten statements,
and there's nothing in the Towrah that
would speak of it either,
unless Paul is claiming that the very
things that he would not have known were
bad if the Towrah hadn't said so,
that Paul would be doing those things,
which is incest, pedophilia,
rape, bestiality,
and there is a misunderstanding of the
statements on homosexuality that actually
speak of taking advantage of a fallen
soldier,
which is the context that it was written
in, and sodomizing that individual.
So,
Paul was either guilty of those things or
a misunderstanding of those things,
or the Towrah,
he was just lying because the Towrah has
nothing to say about what he was claiming.
So, not, by the way, also,
there wasn't a single...
instruction that wasn't written in the
imperfect conjugation and that speaks of
ongoing and habitual behavior without
reference to time which means that if you
commit murder if you bear false witness uh
if you um
Do the kinds of things, if you steal,
do the kinds of things that Yahowah said
don't do.
If you were religious, for example,
if you negated the value of Yahowah's name
by not knowing it, by not proclaiming it,
the moment you stop,
you are no longer subject to that
punishment.
You are no longer guilty of failing in
that regard.
So it is the advantage of the imperfect,
which means it is habitually killing,
habitually stealing,
habitually lying that gets you in trouble
and habitually being religious so that the
moment you stop,
you're good to go to the next step.
You're free of that criticism from God.
So additionally, there...
We would say that reasonable people
realize that a document which discourages
harmful behaviors does not facilitate
them, as Paul is claiming.
As such,
Paul's position was self-exposing and
condemning, but also irrational.
Now, also relevant, adultery, murder,
lying,
and stealing don't go away by discarding
the book which opposes these things.
In other words, if...
You are a thief and you find a
way to destroy all copies of the Towrah,
which speaks against thievery.
It doesn't change the fact that you're a
thief,
but that's Paul's argument nonetheless.
So if everyone ignored the Towrah,
there would be more adverse behavior,
not less.
Moral individuals the world over have
always known that murder, lying,
and stealing are wrong.
However,
since Paul has been fixated on his lustful
urges since he never was married,
and since the only person he admits to
sexually loving, or at least loving,
was a young boy named Timothy,
whose genitals he was fixated over and
personally circumcised,
which is quite an admission.
certainly suggests that he was a
homosexual,
especially since he said that his sexual
urges were not only uncontrollable,
but that he was motivated to do what
the Towrah disproves,
at least from his perspective.
And in the
most specific rebuke of Paul that's found
in the book of Chabaquwq, the first, second,
and third chapters,
what we find is that God himself,
six hundred and sixty-six years before
Paul would write his first letter to the
Galatians, condemned Paul by name.
And
said that he was overly fixated on the
male genitalia so that would sort of be
uh I have a question yes he used
the rabbinic technique to circumcise
timothy I have no clue but he was
trained as a rabbi oh that technique the
technique of the chompers huh wow some
rabbis some
Well, that would be extremely perverted,
and I do not like the sight of
that.
In my mind, Sam, I am.
You don't need to make these kinds of
contributions.
Way too much information.
Okay.
I suspect that we are witnessing yet
another confession within Paul as usual,
rather than blaming himself for his
licentiousness,
for his out-of-control sexual perversion,
that Paul is simply blaming God.
He is inferring that it is God who
made him a pervert.
As an interesting aside,
Yahowah does not actually condemn
homosexuality,
as I have said in his Towrah.
Only incest, pedophilia, rape, bestiality,
and prostitution, as well as necrophilia.
That's the one that I had forgotten.
God does not...
want us engaged in any sexual act that
would pertain to incest, really bad,
that messes up kids hugely,
but it's all the way through the process.
No mommy, no daddy, no sister,
no children.
So no incest, no pedophilia, no rape.
Boy, that would get rid of the Donald.
I mean,
he's wanted to have sex with his daughter.
He did have sex with children and he
raped a woman.
So the Donald would be in real trouble.
Bestiality,
which would pretty much a lot of Muslims.
Prostitution, which...
Well, that would also get the Donald too,
wouldn't it?
And necrophilia.
Necrophilia is so bad in the Islamic world
that they actually have to put locks on
access to the buried children of men
because fathers would go in and rape their
dead daughters.
So it's a really sick kind of a
thing.
So as you will discover throughout Yada
Yahowah,
the passages which otherwise are errantly
translated,
we try to make a correction because God's
position on sexuality is very different
than it's conveyed in Christianity that
was perverted by Paul.
Now that is not to say that many
homosexuals are not tormented by their
sexual orientation, and many are,
and that the effect it has can be
negative on
their lives and their family but you know
I'm very keen to to adjusting my attitude
so that it reflects God's attitude and I
have no issue with having very close
friends who are homosexuals I I
don't understand it,
don't want to know anything about it,
as I recoiled with Rich's Haredi claim on
circumcision.
To me, girls are beautiful, but you know,
I'm not here to judge others in what
they prefer to do sexually,
so long as it doesn't violate the things
that Yahowah had to say on necrophilia,
prostitution, bestiality, incest,
pedophilia, and rape.
So the passages, by the way,
which are interesting,
claiming that homosexuality is wrong are
actually mistranslated.
So speaking of Paul's obvious sexual
conflict, a few chapters hence,
we will discover that through his
prophetic warning against Sha'uwl,
Yahowah exposed Paul's fascination,
as I have shared with the male genitalia,
exactly, by the way,
six hundred and sixty six years before
Paul wrote his first letter to the
Galatians, which is a pretty good clue.
And
He actually named Paul by name and
designated that he would be appealing to
gentiles that he made the claim that god
actually could be killed which uh Chabaquwq
says is he out of his mind
you can't god to die god but anyway
it's an interesting read and I will share
it and its uh completeness with you on
a future rendition of twistianity so it's
almost as if God read Paul’s letters
before commenting on them and that he came
to the same conclusion
So mind you,
so long as he was not a rapist,
incestuous, or a pedophile,
and was the case with Muhammad,
Sha'uwl's sexual orientation is irrelevant
up to a point.
It becomes fair game, however,
when he denounces what he himself
practices,
whether that be homosexuality or
promiscuity.
Beyond this,
since Paul is fast becoming a model for
the man known as the Antichrist,
Donald Trump,
it is relevant to note that he will
be a sexual pervert.
Now, on the subject of gaiety,
which we are to make,
what are we to make really of the
connection between Paul's uncontrollable
lusts and the charities known as the
gratia or graces in Rome, which Paul...
built his whole euangelion, gospels,
around the races, these charities,
these naked goddesses of frivolity,
sexual frivolity.
After all,
the naked beauties were the pagan
embodiment of
lasciviousness,
and they became the essence of Paul's
gospels, the gospel of grace.
They are the gratia in Latin.
As Paul would write in Greek,
they are the charities.
He had the gospel of the charities,
the pagan embodiment of fornication.
The indulgent and unrestrained one's
fixation on death continues along with his
animosity towards God's Towrah.
He would write in the next sentence
presented in his
letter to the Romans on behalf of Rome,
the beast of Rome.
So then I was living apart from and
without the Towrah.
But once having happened upon the
commandment,
the evil sin sprung to life again.
he just won't leave it alone he you
know one of the things that I learned
about satan and I’m pretty much the
foremost authority on satan in the world
today know him better than anybody else he
is the adversary is my adversary we we
have agreed to disagree on everything but
I understand him really well um
translating the book of Ezekiel which is
his autobiography and playbook certainly
helped me understand it but
There's nothing that prepares one to
understand who Satan is and what his
agenda is than writing books on the Quran,
of which I've written five, four thousand,
two hundred pages.
So I know this beast really well,
and I know the nature of the spirit
that demon possessed Paul, who he admits,
as I said in the second letter to
the Corinthians, as a messenger,
a demon from Satan.
And one of the things that I have
come to know is that those who are
demon possessed are insistent upon
denouncing Yahowah's Towrah and denouncing
his people, which is what Paul did.
If you can denounce the Towrah,
denounce Yahuwdym, Jews,
denounce the covenant or replace the
covenant,
denounce the Mowedym, which Paul said,
if you attend them,
then you have no hope of salvation.
He would even go so far as to
say that if you're circumcised,
which by the way he was,
and so was Timothy,
that you have no hope of salvation,
which God says,
if you're not circumcised as a man,
you cannot participate in Passover.
You can't participate in Passover.
You have no way of benefiting from the
door to life being opened.
when dote was crucified in for that
purpose so it is a wicked web that
they have woven so what
Sha'uwl is saying,
as I was living apart from the Towrah,
and that's clear, as a rabbi,
he was far more interested in the Talmud.
And the Towrah was something to dress,
the rabbis dress it up as a whore
and parade it around.
And the reason they dress it up as
a whore and pretend to be Towrah observant
when they're actually Talmud observant,
is the Towrah's presentation of Jews is
horrid.
I mean, absolutely horrid.
I mean, it, uh,
it starts really with Abraham pimping
Sarah out for, for lammies, uh,
that's not good.
And then you have, uh, uh, Yitschaq being,
uh, uh,
hoodwinked and to providing the blessing
to the wrong son.
And then you have that wrong son was,
uh, scheming and all manner of ways.
And, um,
It's his twelve kids start off as
obnoxious and go downhill from there.
He was loving the wrong woman,
a woman who had a fascination with idols.
And it just almost nothing about Jacob
works.
And once they have the sons that become
Israel,
they immediately go into conniving mode.
And then by the time you enter
the time and Mitsraym,
when Moshe tries to save them from their
plight, they turn on him.
And then when Moshe and Yahowah released
them from slavery and apartheid and
genocide, they turn on them.
It's so bad that Moshe said, God,
why don't you just kill me?
These people are impossible.
And that's
just a few days after leaving Choreb.
In fact, while they were still in Choreb,
they were building a religious idol,
that golden calf.
You could not have a more obnoxious group
of people,
and it goes all the way through,
even to the waters of Meribah,
the
that were so revolting in every instance
pursuant to God.
And so the Towrah is not this great
ode to how wonderful Jews are.
It's a condemnation of Yisrael and Yahuwdym
and how they
antagonize God in every possible way.
And so rabbis, of which Paul was,
they distanced themselves from the Towrah
by pretending that their Talmud is an oral
Towrah.
Of course, it didn't exist.
Talmud didn't begin to take place until
the second century in Jerusalem with a
very crude Jerusalem Talmud,
and then really not into the Talmud that
Jews study today,
which is the Babylonian Talmud,
Babylon should have given you a clue,
which was written between four hundred and
five hundred CE.
So we're dealing with two thousand years
after the actual Towrah was written as a
written document between Yahowah, Moshe,
and the world.
So as a rabbi, he can write,
I was living apart from and without the
Towrah because all religious Jews are.
All of them.
And the more religious they are,
the more apart from and without the Towrah
they are.
When they claim to be Towrah observant and
they give all this lip service to the
Towrah,
they're strictly speaking of the Talmud.
But once having happened apart from the
commandment,
the evil sin sprung to life again.
So he's saying that he had to study
the Towrah again to try to hoodwink people
into believing, but I, Paul,
say in his Evangelion gospel to the
gratis, the Greek charities.
As he read it,
trying to steal from it and pilfer from
it, it became obvious that, yep,
he was in fact a sexual pervert.
So he was doing one or more of
the things that God condemns.
Bestiality, incest, pedophilia.
Who knows how old Timothy was?
He was necrophilia.
He was guilty of one or more of
those things.
And it sprung to life within him.
If that's your witness,
then you'll probably like the Quran
because Muhammad was admittedly by the
Quran and Hadith a sexual pervert.
He had sex with a six-year-old girl when
he was sixty-six years old.
That would qualify, right?
He raped the women of the men he
killed routinely.
So, you know,
you like sexual perverts and you believe
they speak for God.
You'll love the Quran and probably like
the Christian New Testament.
Not for me.
Anyway,
they say that confession is good for the
soul,
but methinks this isn't helping Paul.
Paul has again admitted that he is evil
and that sin is thriving within him,
having sprung to life and he is
operationally offensive and functionally
errant.
And listen,
the fact that Paul's a sexual pervert and
admitting it, I really don't care.
If Paul hadn't created a religion by
robbing the actual son of God and Messiah,
Dowd, who is our savior,
I wouldn't really give two hoots about
him.
But he has created a religion,
the most popular in the world,
that actually robs Christians.
Dowd, David,
of his titles and his achievements,
and therefore robs the world of the
knowledge of everything that Dowd has
achieved,
stealing his accomplishments while also
robbing people of an awareness of Yahowah's
name.
And for those things,
I will personally conduct his trial.
And after holding him in contempt and
making certain that those he abused
get to have full closure by witnessing his
recompense sevenfold for what he has done,
then I'm going to send him to Sheowl,
which he at least got naming rights.
Sheowl and Sha'uwl is the same word in
Hebrew.
But you can be assured that I have
been granted
the right to condemn Paul.
Actually, he condemned himself,
but I get to send him to hell
and will.
So if you want to believe him,
if you want to tout his religion and
you want to promote it where I am
exposed to what you have said,
I'll gladly do the same for you.
So if we're to believe, Paul,
a mythical commandment saying,
thou wilt not be passionate, indulgent,
lustful, or sexually perverted,
killed him,
even though he seems almost coherent and
thus still conscious.
So then I died when was found in
me the commandment with reference to
living, this brought death.
Excuse me.
There is, first of all,
there are no commandment amongst the three
statements and seven instructions.
Second,
there is no commandment that is in
reference to living.
Unless you were to say that, take hayah,
which means to exist,
where God in the first statement says,
I am Yahowah, your God,
who liberated you from slavery,
and you will not exist with other gods
in my presence.
I guess that could be twisted to speak
about living, but that's not good.
And the second statement where God says,
don't be religious,
don't do anything that could be even
conceived as being religious and don't
have any affinity for any religious icon
like the Star of David,
which has nothing to do with David,
by the way,
or the Christian cross or those sorts of
things.
Don't be religious.
because fathers corrupt their sons to the
third and fourth generation,
and it's only thousands amongst billions,
which is one in a million,
are going to receive the benefits of the
covenant by being particularly observant
of its terms and conditions.
That doesn't really mention living either.
And the instruction on the on Yahowah's
name simply says that there will be no
forgiveness for those who denounce or
demean Yahowah's name,
which would be all Christians,
all Muslims and all practicing Jews that
are
Haredi or ultra-Orthodox or any Jew,
they will never say Yahowah's name,
which means it's taking it for naught.
So all religious Jews, all Muslims,
all Christians would be guilty of the
third statement that Yahowah etched in
stone,
which he said there is no forgiveness for
doing that.
But that doesn't speak of life or death.
that means that you will not be invited
into heaven and and it depending on
whether or not your crime was serious or
just inadvertent if you were played for a
fool rather than being the fool then you
could have eternal life but in shield so
there's those things do not speak of
bringing death in reference.
So there is nothing in the first three
that reference living.
There's nothing in the instruction
regarding the promise of seven,
the Shabbat, that references living.
And then in the next six of them,
The instructions are very short and sweet,
and they say don't make a habit of
doing things like stealing or committing
false witness or killing or coveting.
But they say nothing about that either.
So Paul, again,
has what's called a straw man.
This is a rational fallacy that he is
promoting.
Now,
if he is basing his religion on rational
fallacies,
then you would be a fool to believe
him.
Just saying.
For indeed,
this evil sin took hold of this
opportunity through the commandment to
thoroughly deceive and completely beguile
me, and so through it, it killed.
Romans seven, eleven.
Again,
we are our eleven statements into the
seventh chapter of Romans.
And with every statement,
Paul has proven emphatically that he
cannot be trusted.
Therefore, he did not speak for God.
Therefore,
the religion he created and the God he
conceived are false.
And that God is known today as Jesus
Christ.
And that religion is known as
Christianity.
And Paul, in the first eleven statements,
each of them independently and
collectively proved that he will commit
every possible rational fallacy to justify
his new religion.
And it's deadly.
Here he said that
Indeed, this evil sin, this evil sin,
which Paul says was entirely the result of
the commandment.
It took the opportunity through the
commandment to thoroughly deceive and
completely beguile me.
So Paul's not admitting, which is obvious,
that he is the deceiver who is beguiling
billions of
because he is contrary to Yahowah's
instructions.
He is saying that Yahowah's instructions
are beguiling him.
Now, how is it possible when,
if you read any one of those ten
statements in the original Hebrew,
there isn't a single statement that could
be construed this way.
As a matter of fact,
there is one that says, don't beguile.
Don't bear false witness,
which is what Paul's doing right here.
In this statement alone,
Paul is admitting that God's instructions
are deadly and that the summation of God's
instructions,
which would be the ten statements that he
etched and stoned, killed him.
And by the way,
he's even wrong in that.
The ten statements that God etched and
stoned didn't kill Paul.
They destroyed his religion.
They killed the myth of Jesus.
but they didn't kill Paul.
I'm here to tell you that Paul's soul
will never die.
It will be tormented and shield forever.
He will wish that this was true,
but I will assure you it will not
be.
So this might be a good place for
us to stop.
I have more commentary and thoughts on
this and others as we go forward with
Paul's rant in the book that he wrote
to his Roman overlords.
But I think this is a good place
for us to conclude this program and we'll
return to this subject more quickly than
we did with the last intermission of,
I think,
over a week's time pursuant to it.
Because this is just such a...
an interesting way that anyone who is
informed now and rational can shed the lie
that is Christianity can be divorced of
the myth that is Jesus Christ and come
to be free of that horrible religion
and free of the lies of Paul and
the Christian New Testament.
Because once you're free of those things,
you're in a position to actually know who
Yahowah is, what he's offering,
and what he expects in return.
And all of this,
if you want to have absolute proof that
what I'm sharing with you is true,
you can go to yadayah.com, yadayah.com.
where all of the thirty five books and
their entirety that I have written are
absolutely free to you.
YadaYah.com.
You'll find all thirty five books.
You'll find the various places where the
Yahowah blog is is posted.
And those books are presented in their
entirety and page turners,
which are really fun to read.
I think it's a really a marvelous way
of
looking at books on your phone or a
tablet or your computer.
And we even make those page turners such
that you can copy and paste from them,
put that copy and paste into a search
engine,
validate the translations for yourself,
or go ahead and verify anything that I
have shared.
It's something most people won't do.
But the books are free and available in
their entirety,
both as page turners and as PDFs,
if that's the way that you'd prefer to
read them.
And also,
if you want to go and have a
paperback version or hardback version of
these books.
They're royalty free at amazon.com.
So lots of ways for you to validate
all of this.
It's all served up for you to read
for yourself, to shed your ignorance,
to become rational.
Your soul's worth it.
And so we will return to this material,
hopefully on a day later this week.
So thank you for listening.